# Game_Critique

## Ark: Survival Evolved

Ark: Survival Evolved is an open world survival game developed and published by Studio Wildcard in which players attempt to survive different areas by taming dinosaurs and other beasts to help you gather materials needed to advance in the game. One of the functions in the game is crafting. In the game, there are multiple items you can craft as you level up such as weapons, armor, or structures which can be unlocked as you level up your character throughout the game. This function should be tested because if there is a problem in which the player can not craft a certain item, it can potentially make the game harder than it already is and stop progress from being made. It can be tested by crafting every item in the game to make sure it works properly as well as level up the player to unlock the items to make sure they are able to be crafted at the level it is meant to. Another function of the game is leveling. The leveling system of the character should be tested because if the player levels up to slow, it impedes progress throughout the game however, if the player levels up too fast, it takes the enjoyment out of the game because the player would unlock everything too quickly and won't spend much time playing it. A way to test how quickly the player gains levels is by testing the experience gain from doing multiple actions such as gathering, crafting, or killing animals.

In the game, to tame specific dinosaurs, the player has to render the beast unconsious by punching it, shooting tranquillizers at it, or some other action and has to keep it unconsious while the taming is in progress. Each dinosaur has its own torpor stat which can tell the player how long the dinosaur will be unconsious for and will slowly lower as the dinosaur attempts to wake up. The torpor stat is important to test because it shows how close a dinosaur is to becoming unconsious. If the torpor stat was broken or was not there in the first place, the player would have no idea how long it would take before the dinosaur got knocked out and how fast its' torpor levels lower itself before it wakes up. To test this function, the tester can attack the dinosaur using the different methods to knock it out and record the amount of torpor it gains from specific actions. If the gain is too high, the dinosaur would be easier to tame however if it is too low, it would be too difficult to tame the dinosaur. Without testing this function, it leads to inbalance in the game.
