# Game_Critique

  Rocket-League is a fast pace game in which the players drive cars round a field playing soccer. The makers of the game is Psyonix and the game comes with many different types of modes the player can choose from. It is cross-platform and having so many different game modes and customizations, there are plenty of different things that the testers should test out before the release of the them.

  One function is the car customization options. There are multiple ways you can customize your car such as cars, decals, colors, hats and many more. Each of the different customizations should be tested by equipping each item to each car to make sure that all of the customizations are correctly put on the car. This is a feature that should be tested because players look forward to the differerent types and styles of cars in the game making each one unique to the player who created it. The next function that should be tested should be the game mode selection. There are two different sections for game modes, competetive and casual (with possibly another section with the upcoming update bringing casual gamemodes into competetive). Each icon should be able to bring the player to the game mode they have selected but also allows the player to select multiple gamemodes and takes the player to the first available match in that selection. 

  Now that the some of the menus have been discussed, next is in-game features. One important function of the game is the "boost". Boost is a feature that all the cars have available to use in order to go faster and fly for a small amount of time. There are two types of boosts that appear in each map, the smaller 12% refill boosts and the bigger 100% refill ones. The function of the boost should be tested by having the player drive over the boost pads that appear around the map to 1. Make sure they are collectable, and 2. Make sure they refill the players boost the correct amound depending on which one is picked up. It can also be tested by making sure it is used correctly in the game such as making sure it speeds the player up instead of slowing down or checking the max speed the player is able to go. Another feature in the game that should be tested would be the cars contact with the ball. Each car in the game has its own hitbox which determines where the ball will go once hit and how fast/far it will go, an example can be the Dominus, a flat rectangular car, and the Octane, a car which is rounded at the top. The reason this should be tested would be to check if the ball has similar/different effects when coming into contact with specific parts of the car.
  
